Per-Wheel Motion
	Engine Force
		Note: The simulation does not take the effect of gears into account, you will need to add logic for this if you wish to simulate gears.

		A negative value will result in the wheel reversing
	Brake
		Note: The simulation does not take the effect of gears into account, you will need to add logic for this if you wish to simulate gears.

		A negative value will result in the wheel reversing
	Steering
		The steering angle for the wheel, in radians. Setting this to a non-zero value will result in the vehicle turning when it's moving.


VehicleBody3D Motion
	Use as Traction
		If true, this wheel transfers engine force to the ground to propel the vehicle forward. This value is used in conjunction with VehicleBody3D.engine_force and ignored if you are using the per-wheel engine_force value instead.
	Use as Steeting
		If true, this wheel will be turned when the car steers. This value is used in conjunction with VehicleBody3D.steering and ignored if you are using the per-wheel steering value instead.

Wheel
	Roll Inlfuence
		This value affects the roll of your vehicle. If set to 1.0 for all wheels, your vehicle will resist body roll, while a value of 0.0 will be prone to rolling over.
	Radius
		The radius of the wheel in meters.
	Rest Length
		This is the distance in meters the wheel is lowered from its origin point. Don't set this to 0.0 and move the wheel into position, instead move the origin point of your wheel (the gizmo in Godot) to the position the wheel will take when bottoming out, then use the rest length to move the wheel down to the position it should be in when the car is in rest.
	Friction Slip
		This determines how much grip this wheel has. It is combined with the friction setting of the surface the wheel is in contact with. 0.0 means no grip, 1.0 is normal grip. For a drift car setup, try setting the grip of the rear wheels slightly lower than the front wheels, or use a lower value to simulate tire wear.

		It's best to set this to 1.0 when starting out.

Suspension
	Travel
		This is the distance the suspension can travel. As Godot units are equivalent to meters, keep this setting relatively low. Try a value between 0.1 and 0.3 depending on the type of car.
	Stiffness
		This value defines the stiffness of the suspension. Use a value lower than 50 for an off-road car, a value between 50 and 100 for a race car and try something around 200 for something like a Formula 1 car.
	Max Force
		The maximum force the spring can resist. This value should be higher than a quarter of the RigidBody3D.mass of the VehicleBody3D or the spring will not carry the weight of the vehicle. Good results are often obtained by a value that is about 3× to 4× this number.


Damping
	Compression
		The damping applied to the spring when the spring is being compressed. This value should be between 0.0 (no damping) and 1.0. A value of 0.0 means the car will keep bouncing as the spring keeps its energy. A good value for this is around 0.3 for a normal car, 0.5 for a race car.
	Relaxation
		The damping applied to the spring when relaxing. This value should be between 0.0 (no damping) and 1.0. This value should always be slightly higher than the damping_compression property. For a damping_compression value of 0.3, try a relaxation value of 0.5.
